allowing 2 versions of R (#464)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/compute/portal/ondemand.rst

--------------

This interactive app allows you to run an RStudio session on the cluster.
In the 'R version' drop-down menu, you can choose the version

> of R module that would be loaded for your session (such as ``R/4.4.1-foss-2023b``).

Reviewer: Users will get confused when they start searching for a `R/4.4.1-foss-2023b` module and find that it doesn't exist. (Because what happens when selecting `R/4.4.1-foss-2023b` is that `RStudio-Server/2024.09.0+375-foss-2023b-Java-11-R-4.4.1` and `R-bundle-CRAN/2024.06-foss-2023b` modules get loaded, which load `R/4.4.1-gfbf-2023b` as a dependency.)

Author: oops. my bad. I will fix the drop-down menu in OOD and the text here.

> By default, the ``R-bundle-CRAN`` module is also loaded for hundreds of generic R packages.
> Additionally, the ``R-bundle-Bioconductor`` module can be loaded
> on top of the base R module to provide easy access to hundreds of preinstalled bioinformatics
> packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``R-bundle-CRAN`` module is also loaded by default, providing hundreds of frequently used
R packages. If needed, the ``R-bundle-Bioconductor`` module can be loaded as well to get access
to many preinstalled bioinformatics packages.
```
(making it easier to read and avoiding the ambiguous term 'generic')
